half of the preparation for the new season is already over
freedom to soften conditional distress
the rotterdammers visited the beautiful and hot in southern europe
there as a mario leg in particular to the field game
that this year must be godfather than last season
in the whole family
there really was a specific and top-notch build-up that you
there a man wants to create more situation
yes and through a do and I keep repeating you hope it's in the
to prevent competitions
That means a lot of pairs when they deliver under the hot Spanish sun
on a glorified vacation trip it's not sure if it's the leg to it
rudder state
that appears as the new russian acquisition by smolov a little too long
think to be able to express
visitors
follow the training you know that in that respect I always have one on top
sit
did celebrate again just last year based on
scoring ability but based on good standing in the field and my ankles
to get that only works together
week and every training to insist that you have to stand up well to
the cloud
here it is of course extremely suitable for the citizen to sit and
to lay the foundation for the season
feyenoord is practicing against benfica tonight and tomorrow there is standing much later
next opponent
leg will set up two different teams against these tough teams
to go one step further than what Leonardo mayer has seen
that we were able to create opportunities
therefore did not finish it
two three moments given away conceivable says of our values ​​and you see that we
just not completely ready
Jon Dahl will probably not be able to participate even if only half a year
that is a big issue but it is so we will offer the stock market position
you can fill it in again without a doubt
so yes we will look
been very keen on things that koevermans want in that place
draw up
but the schiedamse striker may not leave at psv
who were reminiscent of what is at peak, the youngest is in particular the Dutch
seen
anyway
fifteen and twenty goals and guarantees and that includes it last year
to scoring ability we are able to create a lot of opportunities but
making the goal is just having always has a problem and if
you such a boy for a real bee
who is also purified and openly to a European level
can kick for phase
yes only with the choice for him a fairly simple psystem would not want
when they think that striker too few are talking about eleven or twelve
but that is their good right and should also just make it as good but also one
make a selection
then wait and see it is not yet August 31